Move Proof Mode and SSR chapter one level up. (#20990)
rocq-prover/rocq: doc/sphinx/proofs/writing-proofs/proof-mode.rst

Proof mode
----------

> The Rocq Prover is a proof assistant (or interactive theorem prover), which means
> that proofs can be constructed interactively through a dialog between
> the user and the assistant.  The building blocks for this dialog are
> :term:`tactics <tactic>` which the user will use to represent steps in the proof of a
> theorem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rocq Prover is a proof assistant (or interactive theorem prover), which allows
users to interactively construct proofs through a dialog with the assistant.  The assistant
ensures the validity of each step of the proof.  :term:`Tactics <tactic>`, which represent
steps in the proof of a theorem, are the building blocks for this dialog.
```
